perfected we have zerif and his Infamous
Lord commissar and some indecisive gsman
accompanying him okay everyone's
indecisive we're all a little bit unsure
today comma going to go to the Natural
power and I guess the guards just going
to progress to this
side it's going to be a bit of a weird
matchup
because they're facing off against the
Odo malus iers
assassin I don't know about
that
unless what do you mean Sergeant
Smith I think everyone plays the Rhino
because it's simply
op it's simply the best choice is that
what you mean so like yeah we don't we
don't like playing it it's just if we
want to win if we're try Harding then we
have to get it but uh it's not like it's
fun and it very much feels very lame and
very toxic and very
boring but
anyway Sentinel is being quite cheeky
whilst he's rambling on capping the map
he hasn't noticed that the sentinel's
ran down and decapped his power points
that's quite bad I was wondering if
we're going to see the double IST now
the IST getting their reduction to four
models but the same same HP per Squad
got a nice buff against IG basically in
this patch they'd have been liable to
have already dropped a model in the
previous patch when they had five models
they're going to drop a model soon
though so they do have to retreat they
get a little bit of pew pew but yeah the
Sentinel is going to deap that Kar is
going to be able to tango with the EA
should win the jeel I think because of
the The Shield certainly if he keeps an
eye on him and flashes his shield on and
off to dodge knockback from the special
attacks
nice cover here not great for them we'll
see how they do honestly I feel like
they should probably be going into melee
but just going to retreat and Sentinel
over fire now helping out the commissar
and that means it's definitely an easy
engagement for the
commi now we don't have any stomp yet so
the strike Squad if they can start a
melee charge will do very very well here
but they need to start the melee charge
which could be tricky you've got a lot
of line of sight blockers to help you do
that on this map and right now quite
frankly the gsman are not in a very good
position building cover to fight against
any gsman that came out any I even but
yeah it's not really that
relevant the he is coming back out again
uses syon a little bit slow to react
there on the Sentinel going to pull the
Sentinel back to the
base he is hanging in
there getting quite low from those L
guns you see the power of strike squad
though Chas him with those storm bolters
ooh it's heavy weapons team oh that's
nasty
yeah they are at max range so the heavy
Bol is not doing that much
damage so they'll just be able to soft
Retreat out of there going to meet a
commissar and some more Guardsman well
they're going to be happy fighting these
Guardsmen just run them down in
melee and the awkward thing here for the
aversive Assassin is that he's going for
purgation which yeah good against the
commi good against the gsman not so good
against the heavy weapons team and
apparently there's going to be two heavy
weapons teams little bit of a mistake
there from sent Smith running back in
with his strike Squad but he
does managed to claim the life of the
Lord Kar which is
nice purged by fire there no doubt
helping with the burst damage it can
inflict onto
Heroes so yeah could be could be worse
for him only had to retreat the strike
Squad did he get any model losses oh he
did he lost the strike model so that's
not
great and now there's just a whole lot
of stuff coming down way too many gsman
only two IST in this squad obviously the
EA to Injured right now kind of wants
interceptors but going for the double
IST opening has made that a
bit gone for a sergeant over here so he
gets that impact grenade bit of a soft
setup team counter of course it's short
range compared to the heavy Bolter and
look at this Massy predicted here by
serif knew the pation will be flanking
around the side I mean to be honest he
seen it he owned his VP so he could
easily see them doing that play and set
up his heavy bter to counter it but
actually he didn't force them off e they
going to get into melee wow they're not
oh no they're going to get melted Point
Blank oh dear this is looking really bad
for our reverser assassin I mean the
only thing that looks good so far is Ser
has really been focusing on the VP and
power sorry the power side of the game
and not the VPS so Sergeant Smith does
have a decent VP lead losing strike
Squad model right there as he waits for
the Avers assassin to get into midle
with the heavy team but he messes up his
micro and rotates it around the front
what on Earth loses another strike Squad
model as a result he's picked up the
execution pistol here on his Avers
assassin trying to put a bit of pressure
with that neurotoxin ability onto the
die last model with the heavy Bolter
itself but he's going to have to retreat
he's staying in here for longer right
now thanks to the hyper metabolism
Global but a stomp there is going to
keep him quiet and he's going to be
routed not going to die there I think he
will live thanks to that hyper
metabolism got a nice Point Blank heavy
Bolter over here because the old malas
was forced to build gens on the side of
the map since they couldn't get their
own G fan back for so long attack this
is nice he's got the flank with the IST
oh but there is a commissar
coming it's a bit
yikes yeah we're not looking good for
the EA here his army is just terrible I
mean it he doesn't have a proper counter
to the heavy weapons Squad you'd at
least want operatives operatives or
interceptors and he has neither and he
can't really afford it either cuz he
went burgs and he lost them he's lost
how many strike Squad models now like
four or something that's a lot it's not
good really you want to be going through
tier one without losing any maybe losing
one at most losing this many is brutal
an attempted bash there by sah with a
flamers they're all right a flamers they
can help down here deal with these
garrisons and they're good against IST
obviously pretty useless against the
strike Squad and you want plasma guns in
tier 2 to deal with actual real gray
Knights not the inquisitorial
troops but yeah there's not that many is
there right now we're not seeing any
interceptors we're likely not going to
oh that has to be an OFW watch mistake
with the second
peration
yeah the thing is the IG roster isn't
really bleeding here
and wow they shif actually managed to
completely cap this power that's not
great underestimate me okay but it looks
like the Avers assassin is going to be
able to recap it probably if he can use
the strike Squad to protect these guys
from harassment from The
Sentinel I managed to catch up to the
heavy weapons team here obviously hit
them with the impact grenade now forcing
melees that's good a bit of a Mis micro
there or mispositioning on behalf of
Sarah comile will rotate out to save the
day will he actually managed to kill the
heavy weapons team
they're paying attention down here
strike Squad running around in the IST s
with that little chainsaw that he has go
on lad slices and dices that heavy
weapon seem to
Pieces another strike Squad model down
though so that's good I mean there
wasn't a proper count to these heavy
weapons teams so to have taken out one
of them is really really nice and having
the the heavy Bolter can be great
against the Avers assassin it controls
him and it controls the strike Squad
really well the problem is the Rhino is
as adversary assassin said at the start
of this game ubiquitous now you see it
everywhere so it
isn't do it it wouldn't be shocking in
any way if this every weapon seems going
to have to swap to a last Cannon but
then by doing
so whilst you have a better counter to
the Rhino you then lose your heavy
Bolter and therefore can't count the
strike Squad of the adverse assassin but
first things first before the EA can get
anything out in tier two we're going to
be having a chimera coming out for sarif
which is yeah I don't know we don't see
the chimeras very often right now I find
them pretty bad against IG uh sorry
against
OM they are the IG unit I guess you can
get them in a mirror here let's get to
it yeah I don't I don't like them
against because the problem is when they
get into M with your Kera they get the
range damage resistance and it just
feels like L guns or plasma guns they
just don't do any damage to the gry
knights then and any gsman that you're
trying to Ferry around with
that that
kindera they become a bit useless when
the me units constantly hugging it cuz
they can't get out and shoot they're
just going to get wrecked I am under
attack so yeah a lot of range damage
coming out there of course we had the
neurotoxin pistol and we got the storm
bolts and the strike Squad and that was
actually sufficient in this case to take
out that Sentinel so it's good we're
whittling down the amount of troops that
the IG has the amount of infantry and
then strike Squad and EA just pushing
through ignoring the little bit of Chip
damage chip pacing damage coming out of
that Chimera we've also got vindicare
assassin on the field now this is a
versatile sub Commander
unit he's got AV and anti infantry
rounds right now he's got his AV rounds
in as you can see that's rough damage
similar to a tactical Marine missile
launcher not quite as good but but
similar
so he's actually swapped to The Exodus
rounds right now going to shoot the
commissar boom one more shot and he
should kill that commissar commissar is
in range sance from when he was up
dealing with the Garrison and he's not
noticed so he gets sniped by the
vindicare that's very unfortunate he
actually was purchasing the flat jacket
there which would do 300 damage even on
retreat with an execute shot so he's
going to try and use that all he has to
do is soften the vindicare a little bit
with some LZ guns and then bang execute
him when he runs away but he's going to
have to rep he's going to have to Reby
that Lord commissar in order to get it
vind here taking shots at Guardsman not
the best use of his time perhaps but
there's not really any better targets
have weapons team just chilling at the
back and Chimera Chimera would be better
to be targeting but yeah this is awkward
oh the bleed all this piercing on the
Storm Troopers is pretty brutal the
heavy bolts are on the front as well
yeah just trying to get into meley there
to reduce the amount of damage they're
taking but they're not going to last for
long
indeed they get routed he did catch the
point and he's nering it to maintain
that power income obviously he had his
entire Farm bashed down here V sling
another Trio of gsman over
there Vare already putting in a lot of
work clearly orens are going to be the
next choice with sarap and then I
presume he will repurchase that
commissar send the commissar around with
his orens and get the aura of discipline
to heal them up
presumably we do have a melter bomb
coming out for the Versa assassin he can
use that to spike damage and snare the
Chimera help the vindicare in actually
killing
it don't think you can throw down here
that would be interesting wouldn't it a
Vic point is spping
away but s can see that he's got the
melted bombs even without clicking on
the EA because of this grenade icon
here so let's see what the plan
is now obviously one melter bomb isn't
really a threat but the thing is you
should know that if he's got melter bomb
the chances are the vindo is rotated to
the side where that melter bomb
is vindicare wasting a shot
there shooting the cam with exitus
rounds which don't do
anything turbo penetrator rounds are in
but he not firing enemy contct there we
go but there are Gman repairs double
gasman repairs even heavy weapons team
who can repair as
well so this is not ideal swap to his
exus rounds going to start bleeding this
heavy weapon team
crew and here are the
orens interesting a drop of
Mines oh they're going to kill the heavy
weap team here oh my god wow did they
live holy [__] they must have had oh wow
y there you go flat jacket execute the
vindicare was under his 300 I don't know
if he got the extended operation to
increase the max HP of the vind to
475 definitely should have as soon as
he's seen that flat jacket he might have
not noticed though because he actually
killed the commissar no he wouldn't have
noticed would he cuz he killed the
commissar whilst he was upgrading to the
flat jacket so he hadn't got it yet so
even if he if Sergeant Smith would have
clicked the commissar on the ground he
wouldn't have seen that the flat jacket
was on the way so that was his first
sight of it and yeah boom
executed
brutal plasma guns are now
out second plasma guns are
coming and flamers are doing what they
do best us flamers what
orens just being big
mey
idiots leading from the front lines yeah
it's going to be tricky without
the the
purifiers these guys aren't great
against Orin cuz they're only other than
the justicar who is very good cuz he's
power melee the rest of the dudes are
only normal melee and that actually does
reduce damage against super heavy
infantry so not ideal and then you've
got six plasma guns weighing in fire now
you can see even at level three with a
jtic car and the to Titans these guys
are taking some significant range damage
now from the guard I am here not sure if
flat jacket is off cool down again
should snipe the justic car here on the
strike
Squad it doesn't do 350 it can't one
shot
glory is loyalty perfected can't One
Shot The Vindicator and certainly what
you do is you get extended operations
because otherwise it just takes a little
bit of PPU from Storm Troopers which
have that extra range in infiltration
and
then then the flat jacket will one
shot it's
kindera it's been very
problematic oh this might not be the
best fight for the orens let's see oh
he's used his loyal to the end ability
so every time one of these fools dies
all the other boies are going to get
more HP more damage what was that oh wow
he just swapped to bionic eye as well so
that heals the models that are left but
there only two models left to be
fair as well as making them immune to
suppression not really relevant here it
is suppression right it's not knock
back yeah IM mut to suppression
gives him a speed boost too as well as
the typical 100% damage Boost from
execute that anyone gets just from a
normal execute yeah the play apparently
is going to be a grey Knight dreadn it's
immediately upgraded to the multim
melter he's going to use this to try and
hunt down the Chimera it's quite risky
because ogens are around they're heavy
melee so they can rip a tinan grey
Knight dreadn
apart probably going to need something
other than the Executioner pistol I
imagine the melter will actually do a
lot of damage to the Orin but yeah they
don't really want to be in melee with it
so here come the strike Squad to disuade
fair enough Let's
see we could do we seing some bio
meltdown around the Chimera as well to
kill all these
Guardsmen yes is good you can see
contributing quite a lot I don't know
what the the whole plan there was oh
well the plan obviously was to hunt the
Chimera wasn't it he's gone into Mele
charge range but oh we need needs one
more shot I'm not sure if he's in range
is can he get
it oh he's just out of range but will
serif micro effectively let's keep an
eye on the strike Squad they've
retreated they did
lose two models flare drop down to
guarantee the safety of this Grey Knight
dreadn sorry to guarantee the safety of
the cber from The Grey Knight dreadnut
youi one
man plas overcharged to delay the
onslaught of the orens but I really
don't know what that was trying to run
in the open against this much Firepower
from the guard is not generally a great
idea no acolyte on those IST so they
they weren't as durable as they could
have been acolyte makes them a lot more
durable cuz remember you're not only
getting the HP of the acolyte leader but
you're also getting damage resistance
against range
attacks and now s is pulling out a pyer
as well so man pulling out a lot of guns
he is behind still on VP but will it
matter when he seems to have such
decisive lead in terms of military wow
what is the Chimera doing why did it not
get repairs why did it rot it all the
way down here to bash a Nord and not get
repairs and the or right now quite low
on HP if this gr out Dre can get lucky
with a special attack they might do all
right but we've got another loyal to the
end strike Squad need to get into the
rear of these orens and help out
neurotoxin down as well then executes
the Orin
and you are left with a single or grin
which was pretty stupid I don't know why
he executed there that was not very
clever yeah silly so that was actually
pretty beautiful there for sergeant
Smith could very well be what he needs
to get back into this game we'll see I
am
here I trained for this
day yeah taking out the ca is huge and
there's no real AV other than the or
right now I mean you can see that they
do actually do quite well against the
GRE dread oh wow the interception there
EA and the strike Squad a lot of melee
damage on Retreat there is going to wipe
the heavy weapons team so we're just
getting consecutive wipe after wipe
after wipe for sarap and he is losing
his lead quite quickly he's gone for a
primary pyer that will be able to help
him control this melee somewhat but I'm
not sure how I feel about that choice
it's going to miss quite a lot against
the fast moving orens who seem to be the
largest threat right now goad
I'm getting very
confused forget the orens it's going to
do the same thing with a strike
Squad I guess there's not a lot of melee
enemies for the PSA to deal
with so two abilities to control melee
strip
Soul it's just a
snare as well as a a debuff that makes
you take more melee damage so it
actually has pretty good Synergy with
the orens so you can snare the strike
Squad so that they can't get into me
with your plasma gsman and then not only
will that of course protect the plasma
Guardsman but it also reduces the
melee damage resistance for the strike
Squad so the orens will do more damage
as
well so yeah looks like Sergeant Smith
was kind of banking on serap running VPS
he is running very low on VPS but you
can see that serif has basically
committed all of his forces to this side
of the map right now he knows it is
getting a little bit critical in terms
of those VPS so he needs to protect this
area where you have two VPS close
together but it's going to be quite a
lot of time to be honest to drain the
288 VPS of Sergeant Smith so let's
see I don't know what this is all about
with strike sad and range Dan they
definitely need to be in
melee not really achieving a whole l
they just going to get forced off hyper
metabolism going down again we've got
sin Skin Body Glove as well for a bit
more durability and yeah the result of
that is that he can actually tank that
heavy Bol fire from the heavy weapons
team however now he has to Retreat
through orens and a power claw L comile
which is probably going to be the end of
him while he lives I feel like the A's
kind of messed up
there let's do it okay bunker getting
dropped down as to be expected this is
how IG hold the ground Terminator
librarian coming out for the EA
yeah yeah a lot of repairs needed for
the Grey Knight dreadnut and this is
essentially wasting quote unquote
the time of the IST who you know ideally
would prefer to be going around capping
the map but this is what they've got to
do right
now that's the thing with with bleed
versus Vehicles bleed it definitely does
hurt your economy constantly losing
those models but you will get the squad
out pretty damn quick and you don't have
to waste the time of another Squad in
order to do
it so there was a bit of a sanctuary
going off there but I'm not really sure
how effective it
was not too many units really trying to
melee the terminat librarian so I don't
think it did too much and it was
interesting that the great Drear managed
to Route these guys so easily there does
the Comm have the or of discipline yet
no he has stubbornness H odd I think
this definely a game for the AA of
discipline there's not many gsman around
for stubbornness to really do too much
to be honest and looking pretty
precarious for this guy yep melters
ignore cover Garrison's are cover they
also as you can see do a lot of damage
to buildings wow VI point is spping away
I didn't know that if a unit's
retreating out of a
building they've they've started that
Retreat order if you destroy the
building they don't get killed I would
have assumed it would have just killed
them as well if they hadn't got out yet
but apparently not so that's quite
lucky uh we got another bionic eye but
not
sure going to need a global maybe some
energy passed over to The Librarian from
the strike Squad you can use another
sanctuary if he's got the energy
probably it's probably not off cool
down but he could use Sanctuary keep the
dread not inside the sanctuary and shoot
with the multi melter on the Orin and he
should be quite
good yeah L the end again
but it's not great when you're chasing
the enemy with your or you kind of want
them to stand and
fight they're not reliable AV on their
own and and it really doesn't work out
because look at that now he's having to
Retreat through them all serif glory
loyalty has nearly run out of
VPS or I think he might run out of VPS
even oh yeah he's done just G him over
he's forgot about the VPS he just became
do dogmatically obsessed with trying to
trying to wipe that
which yeah I don't know I don't feel
like the dreadnut was doing that much
what's really weird for serif is that he
never got a LZ
Cannon so I don't really understand that
the heavy blls they were a good choice
on paper but I feel like the execution
was poor especially initially over here
when he managed to somehow let Burg get
through and sneak around his heavy
weapons team after destroying a gen or
two and it kind of held him
back stopped him getting tier three
sooner but yeah it wasn't that bad here
had a big lead in general focused the
VPS which was nice to see I'm not sure
really if the orens were worth it
probably not to be honest but the thing
is they can force your opponent to not
go down certain builds that you might
not like fighting so in that sense it's
quite
handy yeah I don't know dreadn always
just seems weird to me this grite
dreadnut I find it so hard to fit into
the bills with grey Knight when this
their two tier two sub commanders are so
powerful as they are it just feels so
strange and then the Rhino man the Rhino
is so good as well so getting this Gren
that dreadn not going to be tough but
hey it did really well didn't it level
three and it counted quite a few Frets
even the bunker at the end so that's
kind of cool all right folks that is all
from very tired topid this time I'm
going to be signing
out taada
[Music]
n